which data structure in a compiler manages identifiers and their attributes | the symbol table in a compiler is responsible for managing identifiers and their attributes
what is currying in functional programming | currying transforms a function taking multiple arguments into a sequence of functions each taking a single argument
what is a combinational circuit | a combinational circuit has outputs that depend only on current inputs, with no memory of previous states
what happens if a malicious process gets temporary administrator access | the threat from a malicious process with administrator access is often permanent until the system is reinstalled or thoroughly cleaned
which python operator performs integer division | the double slash operator in python performs integer division, discarding the remainder
when are runtime errors detected | runtime errors are detected during run time while the program is executing
which statements about combinational circuits are true | combinational circuits cannot store state, so only the statement about their output depending only on current inputs is true
a spell checking program uses a hash table of words | the hash table spell checker requires fast lookup of each word
the set of strings where the number of zeros and ones satisfies the condition | the number of states needed for the language with the counting condition is 2k
company x shipped 5 chips with 1 defective and company y shipped 4 chips with 2 defective | the probability of selecting a defective chip from the two shipments is two thirds
a depth first search tree of a connected undirected graph | in a depth first search tree of a connected graph the non tree edges connect a vertex to an ancestor
american exceptionalism opposition to world government | american exceptionalism leads to opposition to world government because of its general anti statism and opposition to central authority
the vietnam war can be understood as | the vietnam war deeply divided the united states, exemplified containment, and showed how even a great power may fail, so all of the statements are true
One approach to handling fuzzy logic data might be to design a computer using ternary (base-3) logic so that data could be stored as “true,” “false,” and “unknown.” If each ternary logic element is called a flit, how many flits are required to represent at least 256 different values? | 6
Which of the following algorithms has running time Θ(n^2) in the worst case but Θ(n log n) on average? | Quicksort
Which of the following is true of interrupts? | They can indicate completion of an I/O operation.
Which of the following statements about horizontal versus vertical microarchitecture is (are) true?
I. Programs for horizontal architectures require more time steps than those for vertical architectures.
II. Horizontal microinstructions are unencoded.
III. Horizontal microinstructions usually have a single opcode and multiple operand specifiers. | II only
A 3-way, set-associative cache is | one in which each main memory word can be stored at any of 3 cache locations
Let P be a procedure that for some inputs calls itself (i.e., is recursive). If P is guaranteed to terminate, which of the following statements must be true?
I. P has a local variable.
II. P has an execution path where it does not call itself.
III. P either refers to a global variable or has at least one parameter. | II and III only
A major advantage of direct mapping of a cache is its simplicity. The main disadvantage of this organization is that | the cache hit ratio is degraded if two or more blocks used alternately map onto the same block frame in the cache
Which of the following characteristics of a programming language is best specified using a context-free grammar? | Operator precedence
Resolution theorem proving for showing that a formula of propositional logic is not satisfiable has which of the following properties?
I. It is a sound proof system in the sense that there does not exist a proof of the unsatisfiability of a satisfiable formula of propositional logic.
II. It is a complete proof system in the sense that there is a proof of unsatisfiability for every unsa tisfiable formula of propositional logic.
III. It is a succinct proof system in the sense that whenever an unsatisfiable formula F of propositional logic has a resolution proof, F also has a proof whose length is polynomial in the length of F. | I and II only
Two processors, M-5 and M-7, implement the same instruction set. Processor M-5 uses a 5-stage pipeline and a clock cycle of 10 nanoseconds. Processor M-7 uses a 7-stage pipeline and a clock cycle of 7.5 nanoseconds. Which of the following is (are) true?
I. M-7’s pipeline has better maximum throughput than M-5’s pipeline.
II. The latency of a single instruction is shorter on M-7’s pipeline than on M-5’s pipeline.
III. Programs executing on M-7 will always run faster than programs executing on M-5. | I only
Hash tables can contribute to an efficient average-case solution for all of the problems described below EXCEPT: | Range search: Given values a and b, find all the records whose key value is in the range a, b.
Which of the following instruction-set features is NOT generally considered an obstacle to aggressive pipelining of an integer unit? | Several different classes (sets) of registers
A "strictly binary tree" is a binary tree in which every node that is not a leaf has two children. Suppose that for a class of strictly binary trees there exists c > 0 such that, for any tree in the class, the ratio of the lengths of any two root-to-leaf paths is bounded above by c. Which of the following best characterizes the height h of any tree in this class, where N is the number of nodes in the tree and N > 1 ? | h < c log2(N)
To compute the matrix product M_1M_2, where M_1 has p rows and q columns and where M_2 has q rows and r columns, takes time proportional to pqr, and the result is a matrix of p rows and r columns. Consider the product of three matrices N_1N_2N_3 that have, respectively, w rows and x columns, x rows and y columns, and y rows and z columns. Under what condition will it take less time to compute the product as (N_1N_2)N_3 (i.e., multiply the first two matrices first) than to compute it as N_1(N_2 N_3)? | 1/x + 1/z < 1/w + 1/y
A starvation-free job-scheduling policy guarantees that no job waits indefinitely for service. Which of the following job-scheduling policies is starvation-free? | Round-robin
Which of the following sorting algorithms has average-case and worst-case running times of O(n log n)? | Merge sort
Which of the following problems is (are) decidable?
I. Given a (finite) string w, is w a prefix of the decimal expansion of π?
II. Given a program and an input, is the program’s output the decimal expansion of π?
III. Given a program that takes as input a prefix of the decimal expansion of π, is the program’s output always the same for every prefix? | I only
Which of the following statements about datagrams sent by a node in a network using IPv4 protocol is (are) true?
I. Datagrams at the source must be the size of the smallest maximum transmission unit (MTU) of all the links on a path to the destination.
II. Datagrams may be fragmented during routing.
III. Datagrams are reassembled only at the destination. | II and III
